Update a number of our dependencies (#2301)
microsoft/terminal: doc/cascadia/Unittesting-CppWinRT-Xaml.md

## Prerequisites

> Make sure you're using at least the 2.0.190730.2 version of the CppWinRT nuget

Reviewer: Actually I don't think this one is needed.

Author: ```suggestion
Make sure you're using at least the 2.0.190605.7 version of the CppWinRT nuget
```

```

We are NOT adding a reference to the static lib project's .winmd here. As of the

> 2.0.190730.2 CppWinRT nuget package, this is enough for MsBuild and Visual

Author: ```suggestion
2.0.190605.7 CppWinRT nuget package, this is enough for MsBuild and Visual
```
